As we discuss within our previous video we're going to need an execution role for our lambda function
so that we can process our actions against AWOS on our health.
So we're going to have to delegate our intentions to this lambda function.
And for that purpose let's just go and create an execution role for our lambda function.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to define my method and say create execution role for lambda.
All right.
So let's go down here and let's just say lambda execution assumption.
Raul and we're going to provide a dictionary just like we did with our policy and in this time we're
going to provide an I am roll and for all.
The first thing that we're going to have to provide is diversion and I'm going to use the same version
I use for my I am policy.
Now let's just say 2012 10 and 17 and let's just provide our statement and within our statement within
our array definition I'm going to provide my dictionary and within my dictionary first thing I have
to provide is of course the effect I'm going to provide.
I want to allow my lambda function to execute these actions.
And for the principle of this role I'll say in a dictionary format and the service for the principle
of this action is going to be lammed of course.
So Lamda got Amazon A W-S dot com.
All right.
And after my principle Definition Of course I have to pass in my action my intention.
So let's just say SD assume role.
So this is the basic definition for an execution role for a lambda function.
So what we said within the action statement is we go to the ADA we use token service and we assumed
the role for our lambda function.
So with this role with this permission from A W-S I am we could execute our actions within our lambda
code.
Otherwise if we don't have a proper execution role we cannot do anything against any resource on a AWOS
are we and the function would be useless.
So execution role is one of the fundamental building blocks of a Alamdar function.
And again without an execution roll call them the function is useless.
So let's go down and create our execution roll.
So I'll say return.
I am client and this time create rule.
All right.
So for our create Groll method you first have to pass in a roll name.
So for a stroll name I'm going to create a constant variable up top with Cisco up now and create a constant
for our execution roll.
And let's say Lamda roll and let's just say lambda underscore execution underscore roll just like that
and why we do that.
Let's not forget to get the policy Iran from our previous action before we lose that before we have
to go to AWOS Council to get it.
So let's just copy this because we're going to need it while we're attaching this axis policy to our
execution role.
So let's just copy now.
And this is go up and say Lamda
access
policy
Erin and just paste it all right.
So now we can just go down and call our Methot and we can move on with our implementation.
So our role name would be Lamda role and assume role policy document at this time.
Again going to be a dump for our dictionary.
So let's say Jason dumps and pass in our land that execution is Sumption role.
And for that description let's just say give us and let's just not forget the commas there gives necessary
per missions for lambda to be executed.
All right.
So this is how we create and I am role for our Alamdar function.
So let's just go down and run it.
So I'll print this out.
So I'm going to need the air and for my role.
So let's just say create execution role for LAMDA.
So let's just comment this line out to avoid an error.
So let's go and Hytrin.
Here we go.
Our execution roll is now created.
So one of the things that we have to do of course get the execution roll air and for our roll on I am.
So let's just go up and create a costume for that.
And Lamda role Aaron is this one.
All right.
So we how our access policy we how our execution roll and the next step is going to be attaching these
resources attaching our access policy to our execution role so we can make use of these and access the
resources that we intended to do on our access policy.
So to do that I'll be seeing you on the next video.